What is phishing attack?
cue-1
Phishing attack is defined to be a type of cyber attack where an attacker
cue-2
attempts to trick victims into revealing sensitive information such as log in
cue-3
credentials, credit card details or other personal information by
cue-4
posing as a trustworthy entity in electronic communication such as
cue-5
email, instant messages or text messages.
cue-6
Fishing attacks often use social engineering techniques to manipulate and
cue-7
persuade victims into divulging their personal information such as creating a
cue-8
sense of urgency or emotional appeal.
cue-9
In 2017, the man Evaldas Rimasauskas
cue-10
was pleaded guilty for scamming Google and Facebook.
cue-11
Rimasauskas operated by using a company he set up that employed a name
cue-12
similar to Quanta, a reputable provider of data center hardware
cue-13
products.
cue-14
Between 2013 to 2015, he was sending
cue-15
emails that looked like they were sent from Quanta to both Google and Facebook and
cue-16
demanding payment for alleged services and products.
cue-17
According to reports, he is accused of scamming $23 million
cue-18
$100 million dollars from Facebook